hey Blaine how about we fish this bridge
for a little bit this is a different
twist on bass fishing right here ladies
and gentlemen skipping soft plastics
under the bridge there's one let's do it
this is too cool under the bridge can't
set the hook
when I on hot days like this I gets the
fish like you being the shades I guess
so not a bad fish Chris not a bad fish
no not at all good fish for the Salem
canal a couple pounds to two and a
quarter maybe skinny yeah wolf in it is
the middle of summer though he has been
caught before probably released from a
tournament but there's a nice fish
that's a good one there
he had me down to get me wrapped around
one of the pilot people think in New
Jersey as being urban and metropolitan
we're in New Jersey here and look at
this
now tell you catch a fish on sale and
canal
Chris thanks man was a pleasure thanks
for bringing us out here thank you go to
back with Zanger tv.com do yourself a
favor check out some more information on
New Jersey bass fishing there's a
plethora of good bass fishing here and
it is hidden there is not not a lot of
people know about this place I'm Blaine
mangal for backwoods angler TV good
fishing
you